This repository duplicates https://flowrepository.org/id/FR-FCM-Z2CP and the
license https://flowrepository.org/terms_of_service copied verbatim below
applies.

The only aim of this Git repository is for demonstration.  It will be removed
upon request if the copyright holders claims their right.

---

Terms of Use/Disclaimer

1. The Flow Cytometry Data Repository (herein referred to as the repository)
may be used by any individual for any purpose.

2. The repository software is covered by free, open-source software licenses
and as such can be used by any individual or corporation for any purpose
subject to the terms of the licensees. Please see the software documentation
and code for specific terms.

3. Users of the repository agree not to attempt to use the repository
computers, files or networks apart from through the service interfaces
provided.

4. If a user exploits the repository services to a level that prevents, or
looks to prevent, the repository providing services to others, ISAC may
discontinue service to that user. ISAC will then contact the user to discuss
their needs and how (and if) these can be met.

5. ISAC makes the repository, including all data and databases, available to
users on an “as is” basis. ISAC makes no representations, and disclaims all
express or implied warranties, regarding the accuracy of any data or
databases, as well as the the suitability of the repository, data, databases,
software and services for any use or purpose.

6. For planning and scientific review purposes, ISAC will keep records of
usage. ISAC may make information about the total volume of usage of particular
software or databases to third parties.

7. Logs of usage may also be maintained for the purposes of monitoring and
improving services, and measuring the impact a particular service has on our
resources. These logs will be kept in confidence and not made available for
other purposes or to third parties.

8. ISAC regards the nature of the work carried out by any individual user as
confidential until such time as it is made public by the individual or by
publication of he associated manuscript, and shall take such measures as ISAC,
in its sole discretion, considers reasonable to protect against breaches of
that confidentiality. However, ISAC cannot accept responsibility for the
consequences of any breach of the confidentiality of the repository site,
including by third parties who by any means gain illegitimate or unauthorized
access to information from the repository.

9. ISAC places no restrictions on the use or redistribution of the data
available via its services. However, some of the original data may be subject
to patent, copyright, or other intellectual property rights claimed by third
parties. It is the responsibility of users of the repository to ensure that
their exploitation of the data does not infringe the rights of such third
parties. ISAC can neither comment on the validity of their claims nor grant
unrestricted permission regarding the use of the data.

10. ISAC will make reasonable effort to maintain continuity of service and
provide adequate warning of any changes or discontinuities. However, ISAC
accepts no responsibility for the consequences of any temporary or permanent
discontinuity in service.

11. ISAC requires attribution for any of its services or data that it is
subsequently used in another product or service.

12. Any feedback on services and software provided by ISAC will be treated as
non-confidential unless the individual or organization providing the feedback
states otherwise.

13. ISAC shall have no liability to you or third parties claiming through you,
for any loss, damage, harm, or expense of any nature suffered or incurred as a
direct or indirect result of use of the repository or any data, database,
software, and services, and you release ISAC from, and agree not to pursue a
legal claim asserting, any such liability. If, notwithstanding the foregoing,
a court of law determines that ISAC has any liability, it shall be limited to
financial compensation in an amount not to exceed (US) $100.

14. Relevant law governing these terms and conditions is, without regard to
conflicts principles, the law of the State of Maryland and, as appropriate,
USA federal law. The sole forum for the resolution of legal disputes and
claims shall be State or Federal court in and for Montgomery County, Maryland,
USA.

15. Any questions or comments concerning these terms of use can be addressed
to the Repository Steering Committee.

16. These Terms of Use reflect the enduring principles under which the
repository services are offered. We will not, without good reason, alter them,
and where alterations are inevitable, we will attempt to give reasonable
notice of such alterations. However, we do reserve the right to alter these
terms at any time in order to ensure their appropriateness to the repository
mission.
